This document will list all of the command line args that are needed to run my program from start to finish. 
I am only including those arguments which change the behavior of the program, and not those that alter intermediate files.

The following are essential to the program running correctly, however acceptable defaults will be provided.
1) genomes folder - where all of the genbank formatted genomes used in the run will reside
2) organism filter - Wich genomes to include.  This is a list of accession numbers corresponding to the chromosomal genbank file. one per line.
		- This MAY need to be specified in the order of a the phylogenetic tree that is supplied. (I'm currently working this out, see 7 below).
		- If this option is not specified, each genbank file (plasmids, other chromosomems will be included) will be included, but treated as a seperate organism. NOT IDEAL)
3) outfolder - where all results, as well as intermediates of the program will be stored.
		- The images will have a seperate output folder, as will filtered gene block information.  This will be stored in the outfolder directory.
4) number of processors - maximum number of processors that we will use. Default is all physical and virtual processors reported by the os. 
		The range of 1- max processors is enforced.
5) e-value - This is the expected value from BLAST that we use as the maximum allowable e-val to be considered an ortholog of a gene block gene.
6) refrence - This is the organism that your gene block information comes from.  Will be removed soon though.
7) tree file - This is a newick format phylogenetic tree.
		- Currently, this option would cause too many issues. i would like to odd it.  below will outline what the porblems are.
		- When provided by the user, the program should be capable of getting the list of organisms from the tree, and using that list to create the filter list.
		unless the tree does not have nodes that are named as accessions... Really, the program needs to calculate the tree... 
8) gene block file	- If this is entered, the program will not attempt to use regulon db.  
		- A refrence organism is currently required, but i am moving to eliminate this requirement with a more advanced script that only needs validation currently.
		
Here is a list of things that are optional, based on input.
8) 
